README.md, before:

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/7397e523b7a34b429825386bac142fcc)](https://www.codacy.com/app/sdcplatform/rm-casesvc-api?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=ONSdigital/rm-casesvc-api&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ONSdigital/rm-casesvc-api.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ONSdigital/rm-casesvc-api)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ONSdigital/rm-casesvc-api/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ONSdigital/rm-casesvc-api)

This is the CaseService public API model project.

It simply contains the representation objects sent/returned to/from the CaseService REST endpoints

# Creating a release artifact
There are no additional steps required to generate a release artifact. Travis takes care of all of this.

## When is a release artifact generated
A release artifact is generated by travis when the branch you are working on has been merged back. 

## What does travis do when my code is merged back
1. Travis will do a `mvn -B test`. This will build and test the code as usual
1. Travis will run `mvn -B release:prepare` which will prepare the project to be released
1. Travis will run `mvn -B release:perform` which will create a release artifact and bump the version ready for development again

## What does the version bump look like?
If you are developing on version `0.0.1-SNAPSHOT` `mvn -B release:prepare` and `mvn -B release:perform` will create an artifact of version `0.0.1` in artifactory and bump the version to `0.0.2-SNAPSHOT` ready for the next changes to worked on and released.

Commit message:

Add formatter and checkstyle (#19)
* Add formatter and checkstyle

Adding maven plugin to format the java code automatically on builds. The
style of the formatter is opinionated favouring googles formatting. The
benefit of this is it allows us to easily plugin in googles check style
file.

* Fix formatting

README.md, after:

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/7397e523b7a34b429825386bac142fcc)](https://www.codacy.com/app/sdcplatform/rm-casesvc-api?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=ONSdigital/rm-casesvc-api&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ONSdigital/rm-casesvc-api.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ONSdigital/rm-casesvc-api)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ONSdigital/rm-casesvc-api/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ONSdigital/rm-casesvc-api)

This is the CaseService public API model project.

It simply contains the representation objects sent/returned to/from the CaseService REST endpoints

# Creating a release artifact
There are no additional steps required to generate a release artifact. Travis takes care of all of this.

## When is a release artifact generated
A release artifact is generated by travis when the branch you are working on has been merged back.

## What does travis do when my code is merged back
1. Travis will do a `mvn -B test`. This will build and test the code as usual
1. Travis will run `mvn -B release:prepare` which will prepare the project to be released
1. Travis will run `mvn -B release:perform` which will create a release artifact and bump the version ready for development again

## What does the version bump look like?
If you are developing on version `0.0.1-SNAPSHOT` `mvn -B release:prepare` and `mvn -B release:perform` will create an artifact of version `0.0.1` in artifactory and bump the version to `0.0.2-SNAPSHOT` ready for the next changes to worked on and released.

# Code Styler
To use the code styler please goto this url (https://github.com/google/google-java-format) and follow the Intellij instructions or Eclipse depending on what you use
